looking for a bodyguard I work for the
hardest gangsters in the world keylolo
shinobi hell still one for Tupac even
though he did I am Israeli military
Secret Service
I'll go beat their ass right here right
now look no further
I'm drillbit Taylor that's a bodyguard I
protected three vice presidents Bobby
Brown Sylvester Stallone not quite as
tough as he looks what do you guys need
protection from just a high school bully
tell me this is it's a wing and you're
under it all three of you right there
it's very disturbing
using my expertise at stealthy and
covert ops I'll infiltrate the school Oh
teachers lounge it's right over there
what do you teach English native time
[Music]
now it isn't all oriental martial arts
sometimes you give a little Mexican judo
as in judo know who you're messing with
homes we need to learn how to take a
punch let me go first ten being the
hardest how hard you want to fight in
the back kick out of these kids this
whole teacher thing here as long as you
got a coffee cup in your hand nobody
says anything
oh hello fellow teacher this spring stop
hassling these kids the sick you're
garbage
it's gonna end now from the guys that
brought you knocked up
and super bad
and guys my teacher Owen Wilson I really
like it here doing a great job scram
scram crotch blocker I've never met
anyone as great as you I'm really just
always attracted to just such a dirtbag
guys some bum just some flying change
often you're starting to rant a little
bit
drillbit Taylor
[Music]